posts/welcome.mdx, before:

---
date: 'January 17, 2024'
title: "An introduction"
description: "A gentle introduction to this website and blog: what it is, what it is for, and what you can expect from it."
thumbnail: '/thumbnails/welcome.png'
author: 'Marco'
---

import Image from 'components';
import InlineCode from 'components';
import '@/app/global.css';

## Welcome, visitor

Welcome to my personal digital realm, an eclectic collection of my thoughts and a showcase of my projects. Feel free to explore and discover what I've been working on—or what I'm planning to work on, in case you're one of the early birds here before my other posts go live.

## This website

Crafted with [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/)—a React framework—and adorned with [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/), a utility-first approach to styling, this website is also powered by [shadcn/ui](https://ui.shadcn.com/), a brilliant UI component library.

I plan to release the source code on [GitHub](https://github.com/marcodsn/marcodsn.me) soon. It'll be polished for public viewing, and you're more than welcome to use it as a template for your own site.

A shoutout to [Red Pangilinan's website](https://rdev.pro/), for being a major source of inspiration. Do check it out if you haven't yet.

## Available components

Let me introduce you to some handy components available on this website for your, and my, convenience.

### Image

You can opt for the classic markdown approach for images or use the Image component from 'next/image' for more control.

```jsx
import Image from 'components';

// The Image component allows you to specify the dimensions
<Image src="/images/nextjs.png" alt="Next.js logo" width={200} height={200} />

// Standard markdown syntax for images also works seamlessly
![Next.js logo](/images/nextjs.png)
```

### Code block

Our code blocks enhance the standard markdown code blocks with syntax highlighting and a convenient copy button.

```jsx
const component = () => {
  return (
    <div>
      <h1>Hello world</h1>
    </div>
  );
};
```

### InlineCode

And for highlighting phrases or words, there’s the <InlineCode>InlineCode</InlineCode> component. Perfect for emphasizing <InlineCode>single words</InlineCode> or <InlineCode>short phrases</InlineCode>.

```jsx
<InlineCode>const hello = 'world';</InlineCode>
```

## Conclusion

Continuing our journey through this digital landscape, I encourage you to interact with the components, explore the posts, and even dive into the source code once it's available. Whether you're here to learn, to explore, or just out of curiosity, I hope you find this space both informative and inspiring. As we progress, I look forward to sharing more about my ongoing projects and insights into the ever-evolving world of computer science. Stay tuned, and once again, welcome to my digital abode.

Commit message:

Updated welcome.mdx, AudioPlayer style, removed old unused code

posts/welcome.mdx, after:

---
date: 'January 17, 2024'
title: "An introduction"
description: "A gentle introduction to this website and blog: what it is, what it is for, and what you can expect from it."
thumbnail: '/thumbnails/welcome.png'
author: 'Marco'
---

import Image from 'components';
import InlineCode from 'components';
import '@/app/global.css';

## Welcome, visitor

This is my little corner of the internet where I share my projects and thoughts. If you're reading this right after launch, you might find it a bit empty - more content is on the way!

## The tech stack

I built this website with [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/), styled it with [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/), and added some polish with [shadcn/ui](https://ui.shadcn.com/) components. Props to [Red Pangilinan's website](https://rdev.pro/) for the inspiration - definitely check it out.

Want to peek under the hood? The source code will be up on [GitHub](https://github.com/marcodsn/marcodsn.me) soon. Feel free to use it as a starting point for your own site.

## Content components

Here's a quick tour of the initial components I'll use for writing posts:

### Images

Need visuals? Use either the Image component or standard markdown:

```jsx
import Image from 'components';

// With custom dimensions
<Image src="/images/nextjs.png" alt="Next.js logo" width={200} height={200} />

// Or simple markdown style
![Next.js logo](/images/nextjs.png)
```

### Code blocks

For sharing code snippets (with syntax highlighting and a copy button):

```jsx
const greeting = () => {
  return (
    <div>
      <h1>Hello world</h1>
    </div>
  );
};
```

### InlineCode

For those times when you need to highlight <InlineCode>code</InlineCode> or <InlineCode>technical terms</InlineCode> in text:

```jsx
<InlineCode>const hello = 'world';</InlineCode>
```

## What's next

I'll be posting about projects I'm working on, interesting problems I've solved, and whatever catches my attention in tech (or not). Whether you're here to learn something new or just browsing around, I hope you find something interesting. Thanks for stopping by!
